TARGET DECK
English::Final Text

# 빠바

## 4강

As the early morning sun began {to peek over the horizon}, Jessica got out of bed and slipped on a robe to {combat} the chill in the air. She stepped out onto the balcony of her room. Before her stretched the open plains. She breathed {deeply}, {taking} in the cool, crisp air, and began her morning stretching routine. When she was finished, she leaned on the railing and gazed out at the seemingly endless rugged terrain, {letting} the cool breeze touch her face. She was thrilled with her new surroundings, {bursting} with {anticipation} at {what} the coming days might bring. Always {energized} by the unknown, she {marveled} at {how} it had the power to {rejuvenate} her spirit and awaken her senses.
<!--ID: 1719542624151-->


During one summer vacation, I spotted a giant trout in a pond near my cabin. Every time I went fishing, I tried to catch the trout. But no matter what {technique} I tried, I wasn’t able to catch it. Then on the final day of my vacation, my luck finally changed. A stone bridge crossed over the pond, and on that day a truck accidentally crashed into the railing, turning over on its side. There were no injuries, but the contents of the truck fell into the pond. Within a few minutes, I saw the trout I {had been hunting} all summer. It was {flopping} in the mud on the floor of what had been the pond. The truck had been carrying blotting paper, and when it overturned, the paper soaked up nearly all the water in the pond. All I had to do was walk right up to the trout and scoop it up into my arms.
<!--ID: 1719556215461-->
## 5강

Ol Doinyo Lengai - an active volcano located in Tanzania, Africa - is distinct from other volcanoes because of its unique lava. Rather than {containing} large amounts of {silicates}, the minerals that commonly form rocks and are found in most types of lava, Ol Doinyo Lengai’s lava is rich in carbonate minerals. These minerals cause the lava to {erupt} at temperatures far lower than those of other types of lava, giving it a black {appearance} in {daylight} as opposed to the usual glowing red tones, though it does emit a red glow in the dark. Another difference is the lava’s high fluidity, which sometimes allows it to flow more easily than water. In addition, the minerals that make up the lava are particularly {vulnerable} to {weathering}; consequently, the hardened black lava rapidly erodes, {leaving} behind a gray substance and a one-of-a-kind landscape.
<!--ID: 1719541551917-->

Jabuticaba is a type of grape tree from the southern regions of Brazil. Its fruit grows {directly} out of the tree’s trunks and branches rather than in bunches, and these berries, which measure approximately 3 to 4 centimeters across and have large seeds inside. The thick outer skin is dark purple while the inner part of the fruit is fleshy and sweet. In {natural} conditions, the tree yields fruit once or twice annually. However, it can produce fruit throughout the year if {watered} regularly. The fruit of the Jabuticaba is usually eaten fresh because it begins to {ferment} shortly after being harvested, within 3 or 4 days. Because of this, the grapes tend to {be sold} fresh only at markets near the {cultivation} site, and those leftover are often made into jams and wines or baked into tarts. 
<!--ID: 1719542094999-->

## 7강

The Furby was a stuffed, electronic toy launched in 1998. Despite its huge {popularity}, a {fundamental} {misunderstanding} about how it worked put many people on edge. Each Furby was programmed to start speaking in a fake, baby-like language. This was known as “Furbish,” and over time, it was {phased out} and replaced with English. This made {it seem as if} the child playing with the Furby were teaching it to communicate. In fact, though, every Furby was programmed to say the exact same things. Still, many people were under the impression that the Furby really did learn by listening. They also thought that it might repeat things that it heard, including corporate and government secrets. Because of this misguided fear, it was banned from many corporate offices and even from the cafeterias of the National Security Agency.
<!--ID: 1719556675692-->

Andrew, a junior officer in the Navy, was working toward his naval certification. One night, he was steering the ship {through} the Great Barrier Reef, a highly risky area where taking the ship off course could easily result in a crash. Unfortunately , Andrew became disoriented during the navigation, so he called for the ship {to be stopped}. He then went to get the captain, who was sleeping in his cabin. The captain helped Andrew get back on course and returned to bed. When Andrew’s shift was over, he took some time to {contemplate} what had happened. He worried that having gotten lost in such a way could be detrimental to his career. the following day the captain presented Andrew with his certification. The captain said that he had made the right decision and that the best officers know when to admit they need help.
<!--ID: 1719557019395-->

## 20강

A copyright on a creative work typically lasts for 70 years after the death of the work’s creator. {On the other hand}, a design right, which applies to a {functional} product, expires just 10 or 15 years after the object is created. This means that the {legality} of reproducing something {without} the right-owner’s permission {varies} depending on whether it is {considered} {functional} or {artistic}. This {distinction} was key to the case of Lucasfilm v. Ainsworth, in which the man who designed the Stormtrooper helmets used in the Star Wars movies had started reproducing and selling them without the consent of Lucasfilm, which owned the rights. Had Lucasfilm shown that the helmet was a “sculpture,” then it could have won the case. However, the court decided that helmets made for use in a film are not artistic sculptures. Ultimately, Mr. Ainsworth was allowed to continue producing and selling the helmets because enough time had passed for the design right to expire.
<!--ID: 1719579498109-->


Because the majority of global conflicts are {intrastate} conflicts, {a great deal of} research has been done to understand the causes of these {subnational} {clashes}. In addition, government agencies have made {substantial} efforts to develop ways to predict future {crises} {as well as} strategies to prevent them. What these researchers and agencies have realized is that countries are {rarely} in a state of absolute peace or total civil war. Rather, countries experience {conflicts} of {varying} {intensities} that develop in both time and space. Large-scale violent unrest can result from smaller political protests, and conflicts thought to be local can easily {spill over} into {neighboring regions}. To view civil war as a phenomenon that occurs only at the national level, then, is to neglect the escalatory processes that precede all civil wars. {Properly} dealing with these initial, subnational conflicts will help to prevent them from escalating into civil wars.
<!--ID: 1719578727484-->

Once upon a time, there was only one way to launch a hit album: radio. Nothing else reached as many people, as often. {Getting} on a radio playlist was difficult, but once a song was in {heavy} rotation on the radio, it had a high {probability} of selling. Then, in the 1980s, came MTV, which became the second way to create a hit. It had even more limited capacity for new music, but its influence over a generation was {unparalleled}. For the music labels, those were good times; it was a brutally competitive business, but it was a business they knew. They understood the rules, and they could earn their keep by working them. But now rock radio is in seemingly terminal {decline} and MTV doesn't show many music videos anymore. So how to market music? Labels know the answer lies online, tapping the word-of-mouth forces that are {restoring} traditional marketing in creating demand, but they're still trying to figure out exactly how best to do it.
<!--ID: 1719579243486-->

The newly introduced curriculum for primary schools, which {focuses} on the arts and humanities, has come under a lot of {criticism} for disregarding technical skills, thus being unsuitable for the modern world. But the world is changing so rapidly that nobody can say for certain which technical skills will be considered necessary in our economy in the years to come. Moreover, the economy is becoming increasingly knowledge-based, and technical skills may generally become less necessary. The entrepreneurs of the future will be those who can draw upon seemingly discrepant fields of thought in order to formulate new and creative ideas. In order to develop this way of thinking, one must be exposed to a wide-ranging liberal arts curriculum. Thus, the newly introduced curriculum will help our students develop the ability to think outside the box, something that will be more highly valued than technical know-how.
<!--ID: 1719580756281-->

## 21강

People who react to {specific} allergens in foods and other substances have been known to develop additional allergies through “{allergic cross-reactivity}.” This may be caused by a {different} substance containing the same allergen or another allergen with a closely matching protein structure. Cross-reactivity can put allergy {sufferers} at risk of an allergic reaction even {when} they stay away from the original allergen. For example, a person who carefully avoids peanuts due to a peanut allergy might react to foods in the {same} biological family, such as beans, peas, or lentils. There is also a potential for allergic cross-reactions between some fruits  and the pollens {responsible} for hay fever. For anyone clinically diagnosed with food allergies, it is {advisable} to avoid {similar} foods that might trigger these reactions.
<!--ID: 1719581268649-->



# 모의고사

When trying to {establish} what is meant by digital {preservation}, the first question that must be {addressed} is: {what} are you actually trying to {preserve}? This is clear in the analog environment {where} the information content is {inextricably} fixed to the physical medium. In the digital environment, the medium is not part of the message. bit stream looks the same to a computer {regardless of} the media it is read {from}. A physical carrier is necessary, but as long as the source media can be read, bit-perfect copies can be made cheaply and easily on other devices, making the preservation of the original carrier of {diminishing} importance. As the physical media that carry digital information are quite {delicate} relative to most analog media, it is expected that digital information will necessarily need to be migrated from one physical carrier to another as part of the {ongoing} preservation process. It is not the media itself but the information on the media that needs to be preserved
<!--ID: 1719573899553-->


There are a number of human resource management practices that are necessary to support organizational learning. For example, performance evaluation and reward systems that reinforce long-term performance and the development and {sharing} of new skills and knowledge are particularly important. In addition, the human resource development function may be {dramatically} changed to keep the {emphasis} on continuous learning. In a learning organization, every employee must take the {responsibility} for {acquiring} and {transferring} knowledge. Formal training programs, developed in advance and delivered according to a preset schedule, are insufficient to address shifting training needs and encourage timely information sharing. Rather, human resource development professionals must become learning {facilitators}. Their role should be to assist, consult, and advise teams on how best to approach learning. They must be able to develop new mechanisms for cross-training peers ― team members ― and new systems for capturing and sharing information. To do this, human resource development professionals must be able to think systematically and understand how to promote learning within groups and across the organization.
<!--ID: 1719574081425-->

If we understand critical thinking as: ‘the identification and evaluation of evidence to guide decision-making’, then ethical thinking is {about} {identifying} ethical issues and evaluating these issues from different {perspectives} to {guide} {how} to respond. This form of ethics is distinct from higher levels of conceptual ethics or theory. The {nature} of an ethical issue or problem from this perspective is that there is no clear right or wrong response. It is therefore essential that students learn to think through ethical issues rather than follow a prescribed set of ethical codes or rules. There is a need to {encourage} recognition that, although being ethical is defined as acting ‘in accordance with the principles of conduct that are considered correct’, these principles vary both between and within individuals. {What a person values} relates to their social, religious, or civic beliefs influenced by their formal and informal learning experiences. Individual perspectives may also be context dependent, meaning that under different circumstances, at a different time, when they are feeling a different way, the same individual may make different choices. Therefore, in order to analyse ethical issues and think ethically it is necessary to understand the personal factors that influence your own ‘{code of behaviour}’ and how these may {vary}, alongside recognizing and accepting that the factors that drive other people’s codes and decision making may be different.
<!--ID: 1719574936764-->
